# MutianGao.github.io
## Weekly study 1:
This week we started constructing a website and learning about Joomla CMS, in practice 1 I created a web page and uploaded it on github. This created a lot of trouble, including problems with the structure of the HTML code and uploading the HTML to Github. But I got a lot of help in the Github forums to get me through this part. In the next I will try with the video and other related materials about Joomla CMS.

## Weekly study 2:

This week we learned about Joomla and WordPress. To be honest I was confused by the lecture and the documentation provided, in short I didn't have a clue about how to actually work with Joomla and WordPress, so I chose to watch some things on youtube and forums to help me better understand Joomla and WordPress. So I chose to watch some of them on youtube and forums to help me better understand the use of Joomla and WordPress. Joomla was a little difficult to work out as I wasn't sure if the assignments could be done using templates downloaded from the web, which led to me spending a lot of time at the template building stage (which, granted, didn't work out well and only included basic functionality such as displaying the templates), but I did learn the basics. This led me to spend a lot of time in the template building phase (which was not very satisfying in the end, containing only the basic functionality of displaying the templates, but I did learn quite a lot about Joomla-related languages), including the videos at https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B-7jsURjLiU (with very little help, as the version is outdated) and other official tutorials (too many to list here) which were of some help to me. At the end I barely reproduced a part of a web page written in HTML code (the colors were not successfully reproduced, as I am still not skilled in template design), but it works and can be viewed. I think I need to continue learning in the future and prepare for possible future group activities (although I don't think I would be able to help the group very much).
